doc: fixes linking to object-proxy (#825)
zenstruck/foundry: docs/index.rst

.. warning::

>     Because Foundry is relying on its `Proxy mechanism <https://symfony.com/bundles/ZenstruckFoundryBundle/current/index.html#object-proxy>`_, when using persistence,

Reviewer: I think, in `.rst` an internal link is written this way:
```suggestion
    Because Foundry is relying on its :ref:`Proxy mechanism <object-proxy>`, when using persistence,
```
